[Outbox] Add to instructions and code examples (#4272)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/state-management/howto-outbox.md

> You can override the outbox pattern message published to the pub/sub broker by setting a different message. This is done via a projected transaction payload, which is ignored, but used as the outbox pattern message published to the user topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the outbox pattern message published to the pub/sub broker by setting a different message. This is done via a projected transaction payload, called `outboxProjections`which is ignored when the state is written and is used as the outbox pattern message published to the user topic.
```

> In order to override, the `key` values must match between the operation on the state store and the message projection. If the keys do not match, the whole transaction fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the `outboxProjections` the `key` values must match between the operation on the state store and the message projection. If the keys do not match, the whole transaction fails.
```

If you have two or more `outboxProjections` for the same key, the first one defined is used and the others are ignored. 

> {{< tabs JavaScript ".NET" Java Go HTTP >}}

Reviewer: Let's add Python in here and is the the "standard" order for the tabs?

Author: yes, this is the typical order. I can add python and it'll look more familiar haha.

{{% codetab %}}

<!--javascript-->

> In the following .NET SDK example of a state transaction, the value of `"2"` is saved to the database, but the value of `"3"` is published to the end-user topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following Javascript SDK example of a state transaction, the value of `"2"` is saved to the database, but the value of `"3"` is published to the end-user topic.
```

```javascript
const { DaprClient, StateOperationType } = require('@dapr/dapr');

const DAPR_STORE_NAME = "statestore";

async function main() {
  const client = new DaprClient();

  // Define the first state operation to save the value "2"
  const op1 = {
    operation: StateOperationType.UPSERT,
    request: {
      key: "key1",
      value: "2"
    }
  };

  // Define the second state operation to publish the value "3" with metadata
  const op2 = {
    operation: StateOperationType.UPSERT,
    request: {
      key: "key1",
      value: "3",
      metadata: {
        "outbox.projection": "true"
      }
    }
  };

  // Create the list of state operations
  const ops = [op1, op2];

  // Execute the state transaction
  await client.state.transaction(DAPR_STORE_NAME, ops);
  console.log("State transaction executed.");
}

main().catch(err => {
  console.error(err);
});
```

> By setting the metadata item `"outbox.projection"` to `"true"`, the first transaction value published to the broker is ignored, while the second value is published to the configured pub/sub topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the metadata item `"outbox.projection"` to `"true"`, the first operation is written to the state store and no message is written to the message broker, while the second operation value is published to the configured pub/sub topic, since the values of the `key` match. In this case "key1" 
```

        try (DaprClient client = new DaprClientBuilder().build()) {
            // Define the first state operation to save the value "2"
            StateOperation<String> op1 = new StateOperation<>(
                    StateOperationType.UPSERT,
                    "key1",
                    "2"
            );

            // Define the second state operation to publish the value "3" with metadata
            Map<String, String> metadata = new HashMap<>();
            metadata.put("outbox.projection", "true");

            StateOperation<String> op2 = new StateOperation<>(
                    StateOperationType.UPSERT,
                    "key1",
                    "3",
                    metadata
            );

            // Create the list of state operations
            List<StateOperation<?>> ops = new ArrayList<>();
            ops.add(op1);
            ops.add(op2);

            // Execute the state transaction
            client.executeStateTransaction(DAPR_STORE_NAME, ops).block();
            System.out.println("State transaction executed.");
        } catch (Exception e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
```

> By setting the metadata item `"outbox.projection"` to `"true"`, the first transaction value published to the broker is ignored, while the second value is published to the configured pub/sub topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the metadata item `"outbox.projection"` to `"true"`, the first operation is written to the state store and no message is written to the message broker, while the second operation value is published to the configured pub/sub topic, since the values of the `key` match. In this case "key1" 
```

Reviewer: Also can you update this same text in the Go example below

> You can also override the [Dapr-generated CloudEvent fields]({{< ref "pubsub-cloudevents.md#dapr-generated-cloudevents-example" >}}) on the published outbox event with custom CloudEvent metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the [Dapr-generated CloudEvent fields]({{< ref "pubsub-cloudevents.md#dapr-generated-cloudevents-example" >}}) on the published outbox event with custom CloudEvent metadata.
```

> {{< tabs JavaScript ".NET" Java Go HTTP >}}

Reviewer: Need to add Python here. See below

Reviewer: ```
async def execute_state_transaction():
    async with DaprClient() as client:
        # Define state operations
        ops = []

        op1 = {
            'operation': 'upsert',
            'request': {
                'key': 'key1',
                'value': b'2',  # Convert string to byte array
                'metadata': {
                    'cloudevent.id': 'unique-business-process-id',
                    'cloudevent.source': 'CustomersApp',
                    'cloudevent.type': 'CustomerCreated',
                    'cloudevent.subject': '123',
                    'my-custom-ce-field': 'abc'
                }
            }
        }

        ops.append(op1)

        # Execute state transaction
        store_name = 'your-state-store-name'
        try:
            await client.execute_state_transaction(store_name, ops)
            print('State transaction executed.')
        except Exception as e:
            print('Error executing state transaction:', e)

# Run the async function
if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(execute_state_transaction())
```

{{% codetab %}}

> <!--javascript-->

Reviewer: Update Javascript code
```

const { DaprClient } = require('dapr-client');

async function executeStateTransaction() {
    // Initialize Dapr client
    const daprClient = new DaprClient();

    // Define state operations
    const ops = [];

   // Override Cloudevent metadata
   const op1 = {
        operation: 'upsert',
        request: {
            key: 'key1',
            value: Buffer.from('2'),
            metadata: {
                'cloudevent.id': 'unique-business-process-id',
                'cloudevent.source': 'CustomersApp',
                'cloudevent.type': 'CustomerCreated',
                'cloudevent.subject': '123',
                'my-custom-ce-field': 'abc'
            }
        }
    };

    ops.push(op1);

    // Execute state transaction
    const storeName = 'your-state-store-name';
    try {
        await daprClient.executeStateTransaction(storeName, ops);
        console.log('State transaction executed.');
    } catch (err) {
        console.error('Error executing state transaction:', err);
    } finally {
        daprClient.close();
    }
}

executeStateTransaction();
```

```javascript
const { DaprClient } = require('dapr-client');

async function executeStateTransaction() {
    // Initialize Dapr client
    const daprClient = new DaprClient();

    // Define state operations
    const ops = [];

    const op1 = {
        operationType: 'upsert',
        request: {
            key: 'key1',
            value: Buffer.from('2'),
            metadata: {
                'id': 'unique-business-process-id',
                'source': 'CustomersApp',
                'type': 'CustomerCreated',
                'subject': '123',
                'my-custom-ce-field': 'abc'
            }
        }
    };

    ops.push(op1);

    // Execute state transaction
    const storeName = 'your-state-store-name';
    const metadata = {};
}

executeStateTransaction();
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

<!--csharp-->

```csharp

> public class StateOperationExample

Reviewer: Not sure where this code came from, however it should be like this

```
public class StateOperationExample
{
    public async Task ExecuteStateTransactionAsync()
    {
        var daprClient = new DaprClientBuilder().Build();

        // Define the value "2" as a string and serialize it to a byte array
        var value = "2";
        var valueBytes = JsonSerializer.SerializeToUtf8Bytes(value);

        // Define the first state operation to save the value "2" with metadata
       // Override Cloudevent metadata
        var metadata = new Dictionary<string, string>
        {
            { "cloudevent.id", "unique-business-process-id" },
            { "cloudevent.source", "CustomersApp" },
            { "cloudevent.type", "CustomerCreated" },
            { "cloudevent.subject", "123" },
            { "my-custom-ce-field", "abc" }
        };

        var op1 = new StateTransactionRequest(
            key: "key1",
            value: valueBytes,
            operationType: StateOperationType.Upsert,
            metadata: metadata
        );

        // Create the list of state operations
        var ops = new List<StateTransactionRequest> { op1 };

        // Execute the state transaction
        var storeName = "your-state-store-name";
        await daprClient.ExecuteStateTransactionAsync(storeName, ops);
        Console.WriteLine("State transaction executed.");
    }

    public static async Task Main(string[] args)
    {
        var example = new StateOperationExample();
        await example.ExecuteStateTransactionAsync();
    }
}
```

Author: it came from ChatGPT, like you suggested :)

{
    public async Task ExecuteStateTransactionAsync()
    {
        var daprClient = new DaprClientBuilder().Build();

        // Define state operations
        var ops = new List<StateOperation>();

        var op1 = new StateOperation
        {
            OperationType = StateOperationType.Upsert,
            Request = new SetStateRequest
            {
                Key = "key1",
                Value = new byte[] { 50 }, // []byte("2") in Go is equivalent to new byte[] { 50 } in C#
                Metadata = new Dictionary<string, string>
                {
                    { "id", "unique-business-process-id" },
                    { "source", "CustomersApp" },
                    { "type", "CustomerCreated" },
                    { "subject", "123" },
                    { "my-custom-ce-field", "abc" }
                }
            }
        };

        ops.Add(op1);

        // Execute state transaction
        var storeName = "your-state-store-name";
        var metadata = new Dictionary<string, string>();
    }
}
```
{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

<!--java-->

```java

> public class StateOperationExample {

Reviewer: This java code also looks wrong.  More like this

```
public class StateOperationExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        executeStateTransaction();
    }

    public static void executeStateTransaction() {
        // Build Dapr client
        try (DaprClient daprClient = new DaprClientBuilder().build()) {

            // Define the value "2"
            String value = "2";

            // Override CloudEvent metadata
            Map<String, String> metadata = new HashMap<>();
            metadata.put("cloudevent.id", "unique-business-process-id");
            metadata.put("cloudevent.source", "CustomersApp");
            metadata.put("cloudevent.type", "CustomerCreated");
            metadata.put("cloudevent.subject", "123");
            metadata.put("my-custom-ce-field", "abc");

            // Define state operations
            List<StateOperation<?>> ops = new ArrayList<>();
            StateOperation<String> op1 = new StateOperation<>(
                    StateOperationType.UPSERT,
                    "key1",
                    value,
                    metadata
            );
            ops.add(op1);

            // Execute state transaction
            String storeName = "your-state-store-name";
            daprClient.executeStateTransaction(storeName, ops).block();
            System.out.println("State transaction executed.");
        } catch (Exception e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
```

Reviewer: Also the go code below should be like this

```
func main() {
	// Create a Dapr client
	client, err := dapr.NewClient()
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("failed to create Dapr client: %v", err)
	}
	defer client.Close()

	ctx := context.Background()
	store := "your-state-store-name"

	// Define state operations
	ops := make([]*dapr.StateOperation, 0)
	op1 := &dapr.StateOperation{
		Type: dapr.StateOperationTypeUpsert,
		Item: &dapr.SetStateItem{
			Key:   "key1",
			Value: []byte("2"),
			// Override Cloudevent metadata
			Metadata: map[string]string{
				"cloudevent.id":                "unique-business-process-id",
				"cloudevent.source":            "CustomersApp",
				"cloudevent.type":              "CustomerCreated",
				"cloudevent.subject":           "123",
				"my-custom-ce-field":           "abc",
			},
		},
	}
	ops = append(ops, op1)

	// Metadata for the transaction (if any)
	meta := map[string]string{}

	// Execute state transaction
	err = client.ExecuteStateTransaction(ctx, store, meta, ops)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("failed to execute state transaction: %v", err)
	}

	log.Println("State transaction executed.")
}
```
